welcome to a new episode of foto
digital tv today is about this piece
her and what this piece can do and everything
what it is good for you to experience in this
Video
what's the team at all the thing
It means reflector and that does not mean
in vain reflector because it is light
It reflects our motivation
simply lighten
and that works through five
machines layers we can do it too
still make the light diffuse
pay or our motive
this layer is easy to get
open up and so a layer with it
we can make the light diffuse and
a golden not easy knows
not like it all in practice
looks shows you now once
we start with the silver side
and this reflects the sunlight
what is there there and andreas stands im
shadow and beautiful of which a light
and if we sun the reflector now
andreas gets quite clearly
a beautiful white hell reflection in the
face and that makes him brighter
let us now come to the black side
the black side does not catch that
means, because there is a lightning there
and from there lightning and here's that
light on her no longer falls the
from a white band or something to andreas
it just stays embarrassing if we
the thing unpacked appears like that
a white part
and that makes the light diffuse means who
has pretty hard light from the sun
we can just make you rich for that
just hold position and dance weight
in the inside of this overpass here
you can still find this white here
surfaces and this golden surface the
white plane looks the same as
the silver only the reflected too
strong , he has really strong
reflected and it got really white
and these reefs are working so hard you can see
but it is not so extreme
Lastly, we have these golden ones
surface and this golden surface
always reflects something
Not only does it make it has more
want to do
obtained by
money should be here right in front of his
nose have a sun
Lastly, I want to show you
how to build the whole parts together
together wrong are all one
bit tichy and ford a bit
Exercise but just practice it works
already and that is the first possibility
Now this hand here so the left
hand with the thumb to himself and the
Right hand thumb away and
then just turn the right hand
at the circle and then already is the
second possibility is he for something
thought larger reflectors and indeed
you have to do the right hand this way
click together so far and hands
then turn back and close the circle
that was what a reflector brings
and how to fold that collapsible
the only question is what the question is
a part actually costs it gives in
There are very different versions
very small, completely mobile
there is the medium that was the 80 cm
I believe, and there is also
much bigger so there is in whole
different versions and that divides
has white really cheap only has eight
euro cost if you consider how
a lot that stands out what that does not bring
So how effective is wrong when the times
well, then goes well
euro are gone is pretty much no matter
great part I can only recommend link
is in the video describe and
otherwise it was again from
today if the video gives you a few
tips and do not subscribe to the channel
you can still have some photos for that
Send photo ju for us for the fusion
criticism link is also in the video
describe otherwise visited too
our facebook page facebook.com photo
digital tv until next time